nobody's bought but nobody shares for
daddy right now peasants ss7 there's
beauty there's ugliness
there's death
shaken not stirred yeah we got the
feeling somebody doesn't like you
Roger Moore's The Spy Who Loved need to
90 days on ITV Kath is becoming
increasingly drawn to Graham Emmerdale
in half an hour from ITN the ITV Evening
News with Dermot Mona at 6:30 on
Wednesday evening the headlines for days
on diverse find Kennedy's body the
passenger jailed for using his mobile
phone more supermarkets moving back to
the high street and Manchester United
flying the red flag in China tonight
good evening after four days of
searching divers off the coast of
Massachusetts have located John F
Kennedy Jr's body and brought it to the
surface surely go join Tian Durham and
that's it for now the ITV nightly news
is at 5 to 11 tonight
we leave you now with the images of the
day from all of us here goodbye
America mourns with you and the United
States Senate once with you your family
and the percent family using a mobile
phone on board an aircraft is
unacceptable and cat is likely in fact
to endanger it
you
good evening blue sky was hard to find
today gray skies across most of Britain
and a blustery wind too but things are
on the app everything improving tomorrow
the skies get a little brighter through
the day and even those strong winds will
die down - all the improvements coming
along as high pressure moves on to the
scene there's today's chart low pressure
the culprit ball is unsettled weather
the very gusty winds the outbreaks of
rain near the weather front - over the
next couple of days we'll see the high
pressure building from the southwest so
why the weekend the weather charts look
very different indeed is where the funds
will trouble the far north worse with
some drizzly rain at times but most
we're seeing a big improvement in the
weather compared to today as we come
back tonight then we still have those
weather fronts moving south and east
across Britain most the rain so far
today has been across northern parts
it'll edge further south of the night
most of it light and fairly patchy and
just a few showers to follow on behind
but quite a windy night and temperatures
down as low as 80 one or two places then
tomorrow morning the weather front is
still around so much having in the Wales
gray to start the day and still some
patchy rain around as well but the
weather fronts are on the way moving
south and the East they should air away
from the southeastern corner of Britain
early in the afternoon the clouds will
hang back for a while but then through
the afternoon the skies will look a lot
brighter and cheerful right across the
whole of the UK just an odd shower maybe
in the far north but for most of us the
afternoon fine dry and bright the wings
easing down to through the day so that's
going to make it feel far warmer than
today even though temperatures are no
great shakes only up to around 18 to 20
I think at best tomorrow 18 is around 64
and looking towards the weekend the
south will be dry and warm the north
will more to but with some patchy rain
here's a summary
whatever the way
they've been friends for I see I'm okay
for a drink on Thursday night for pub
race anyone who wants to come as welcome
maybe I could come the question is could
they be nothing you do know he's agreed
to go out with couple Thursday night I
think we can that's my husband have they
finally found each other loving serious
thing
things oh just don't want anyone to get
hurt
big bad world Sunday 9:30 ITV brains
intentions are anything but honourable
see drawers can't be closer on an Adele
next ah the beautiful Cathy ah my
favorite salesman coffee you bet
Oh smart jacket oh thanks so how many
kitchen rolls today none unless you've
got bounced around to a completely new
kind of kitchen rollerball or much
actually no problem Santi is more
absorbent and stays strong even when
it's way out how come it's the structure
like Chanukah right so I can still scrub
with it and it doesn't fall apart like
other towels look mmm impressive
ah you're jealous huh structure that
holds bounty the farmers oka
amazing like Buster for 12 times lottery
winner been picking although right
number because they're worth it but is
the shampoo look at that funny boy and
loved like this ladies unusually large
family all got their own separate
they're all Friday at 7:00 on ITV how's
your love life the last five years been
terrible a brand new series of looking
for love follows Cupid around ready
Angeles divorced there's something
missing Chris is dating a model
reservist Ann Ann's getting a rocks off
they're looking for love tonight at 10
25 on the Rhydian